---
layout: post
title:  "Ten-thousand days"
date:   2014-05-15
permalink: /journal/10000
categories: journal
extra_css:
  - /static/10k/10k.css
---

Today is my ten-thousandth day alive. Despite my tendency to ignore birthdays and other arbitrary anniversaries, I'm intrigued by this one. It's somehow a reminder that I resolutely exist in the universe and it calls on me to introspect. Though, mostly 10,000 is just a nice looking number.

I find it impossible to imagine 10,000 days in any meaningful way. It feels vaguely infinite in its largeness. However, it becomes an interesting variable for some personal algebra.

Think of something you do basically every day. Eat breakfast, sleep, plan to work-out but don't, shower, or whatever. Now multiply the time it takes to do that thing by 10,000 and you have a pretty reasonable picture of what the constants in the next twenty-seven years of your life look like. For instance, I expect that I'll sleep in the neighborhood of 70,000 hours and not work-out 9,999 or more times.

At this point my life I feel more a creature of habit and routine than I ever have before. Firmly an adult in most of the boring ways, but luckily still mystified and excited by the unknown and unexperienced. A goal arises from this exercise: reduce the number of dull things I'm multiplying by ten-thousand over time (hygienic routines, for instance) and increase the good stuff.

If I'm going to do some things 10,000+ more times I might as well do things that I like. Get on my sappy level. 

<section id="module-10k" class="module">
  <div class="inside">
    <p class="description">Find your 10,000th day.<br>(Tap month and year headings to move quicker.)</p>
    <input type="text" id="datepicker" placeholder="Enter your date of birth">
    <div class="results"></div>
  </div>
</section>

<script src="//ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/1.11.1/jquery.min.js"></script>
<script src="/static/10k/lib.js"></script>
<script src="/static/10k/10k.js"></script>

###Additional thoughts
- 10,000 days should be the new mark of adulthood. Tell an eighteen year-old.
- (10000 * 3) / 365 = 82. Third-life crisis.
- Shoulda thrown a party.

<div class="notes">
  <p>This post originally appeared on Medium as "10,000 Things Writing About Being 10,000 Days Old Taught Me About Avocados &amp; The Worst Drought In 40 Years"</p>
</div>